Catch 502 code on zenodo (#67)
MaMMoS-project/mammos-mumag: changes/67.fixed.md

> Mesh download tries for 3 times until an `error_code` equal to 200 is returned by the request. If such `error code` is not returned, an error is raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mesh download tries for up to 3 times with 5 second delay until an HTTP status code 200 is returned by the request. If such status code is not returned, an error is raised.
```
